My quiz consists of six questions. In order to implement these questions with a responsive effect after clicking the answers I use arrays in order to set my answers and which ones are correct by assigning those the value of correct: true. after that I implement the 
authentication service by promting the user with with a username and password, if the username password combination is correct the start quiz function is called and if the combination is incorrect the user is alerted and the authentication function is retried.
Once authentication is passed the start quiz function is played which includes setting the score and current question index to 0 which allows the first question to be displayed with a total score of 0 since no questions have been answered yet. The next function is the 
show question function which carries the logic for updating question counter by geting the current question index and incrementing it by one. It then creates a button for each answer, display text ontop of the button, adds the btn to a class, appneds to the button and if 
the answer is correct the button as well as an event listener. Next comes a function that resets the state of the next button. It hides the button while there are still answers on screen and none have been chosen. After that the select answer function is responsible for 
detecting what answer was clicked and checking if the answer is marked as correct, if so the score is increments by one. If it is incorrect the correct answer is displayed in green and the incorrect answer that was chosen is highlighted red as well as disabling the buttons
stop the user from clicking multiple answers. After the incorrect and correct answers have had their logic taken care of this function also displays the next button that was previously hidden for the user to go on to the next question. Next the show score function displays 
the score at the end off the quiz out of 6 and displays a Try Again button that lets the user retake the quiz. After that the handle next button function holds the logic for displaying the current question by incrementing the index and the current question within the arrays
through an event listener attatched to the next button that sets it off. If the index is greater than the length of the questiosn then the quiz is restarted which is what gives the try again button its functionality. Lastly the update question counter function
which displays the current question counter for the user recieves the question index and adds one to get the question number since the index starts at 0. Calling the fakeauth function begins the whole program since the fake auth function carries calls the startquiz function.
The difficult part I had was implementing the question counter. Since it was the last thing I did I had to go back into multiple other functions in order to update the counters in the correct way then call them in its own function in order to properly display current count 
and update it every time the next button was clicked.
